[Enhancement] turn on partial suceess option by default for lake compaction (#60643)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/administration/management/FE_configuration.md

- Description: The table or partition list of which compaction is disabled in shared-data mode. The format is `tableId1;partitionId2`, seperated by semicolon, for example, `12345;98765`.
- Introduced in: v3.4.4

##### lake_compaction_allow_partial_success

- Default: true
- Type: Boolean
- Unit: -
- Is mutable: Yes

> - Description: For compaction in shared-data mode, if one of the sub tasks succeeds, this whole compaction will be considered succeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description: If this item is set to `true`, the system will consider the Compaction operation in a shared-data cluster as successful when one of the sub-tasks succeeds.
```
